---
layout: page-fullwidth
subheadline:  ""
title:  ""
teaser: ""
categories:
    - milestones
image:
   thumb: "16-1-thumb.jpg"
gallery:
    - image_url: 16-1.jpg
      caption: 
    - image_url: 16-2.jpg
      caption: 
    - image_url: 16-3.jpg
      caption: 
    - image_url: 16-4.jpg
      caption:  
permalink: /milestones/2016/
header:
    title: 2016
    image_fullwidth: 16-1.jpg
---
# Footboard Awareness Campaign

On the account of 67th Republic Day, in January 2016, we conducted a special drive at 67 bus stops across Chennai on the same day and time to create awareness about the dangers of foot boarding.

# Model Signal

The Model Signal project is a major stepping stone in creating an Accident Free Nation. The primary goal of the model signal is safety and usage of technology on the road. The idea is to implement a signal where all existing rules and frameworks will be followed. All the functionalities in the signal would be completely automated, all violators be fined, thus effectively reducing the traffic violations and hence the traffic accidents Our R&D team is working on ideating and conceptualizing an improved version of this model signal. The implementation of model signal would be a leap step in resolving the road safety issues in the country. We submitted this proposal in 2016 to the Greater Chennai Traffic Police and are in discussion with officials regarding matters of implementation and improvisation of the system.

# Cycle Rally

In 2016, 3 of our warriors have covered 400+ Km in cycle starting from Chennai – Thindivanam – Villupuram -Puducherry meeting thousands of people in schools, colleges, public places to spread awareness about road safety in a span of 3 days.

# 100 Signal TAC

A massive road safety awareness campaign was conducted in 100 traffic signals across Chennai and a few parts of Tamil Nadu at the same day and same time in August 2016 with 100 Yama. This campaign was recognized by India Book of Records as “Largest Traffic Awareness Campaign in India”<br>

<hr>

{% include gallery %}

<hr>

<a class="radius button small" href="https://forms.gle/9n5TKAfcby4JceYN9">Subscribe to our newsletter > </a>


 [1]: http://foundation.zurb.com/docs/components/clearing.html
 [2]: http://foundation.zurb.com/docs/components/block_grid.html
 [3]: {{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/design/page/
 [4]: {{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/design/page-fullwidth/
